The Monopoly 

Gameplay Rules for Computer:

• When played against the computer, it rolls a dice just like a user. 
Dice rolling result for the computer must be printed as “Computer 
rolled the dice: N”.

• If computer arrives at an unowned property, it decides what to do 
based on the followings:

o If the price of the property is below the average cost of all 
properties, then computer must buy the property.

o Otherwise, the computer rolls the dice again. If the outcome is 
between 1 and 3, then the computer must buy the property. If the 
roll is between 4 and 6, the computer skips its turn. 

• If the computer lands on a property it owns, it may construct up to 3 
houses on that property. The number of houses it can built depends on 
the number of properties it owns:

o If the computer owns 1/3 of all the properties, it rolls a dice. 
If the result is between 1 and 3, then the computer constructs a 
house. Otherwise, it skips the current turn.

o If computer does not have 1/3 of all his properties, it skips 
its turn.

• When computer does not have enough money to pay its rent/tax, then the 
bank asks it to sell some of its properties. The computer must sell 
starting with the highest priced property till it pays off its dept.

• Player_type for computer is “cap”. Update your implementation 
accordingly.

Board Implementation:
• You must convert your array-based board implementation to a linked 
list.

• There are 4 more blocks added to the board. The total number of blocks 
on the board now is 24.

Fortune Cards:
• Whenever a player lands on a fortune card block, player draws a card 
from fortune card deck (you randomly pick a fortune card). It carries 
out the action the card says.

• Location of fortune card blocks on board are defined in the 
blocks.xlsx file.

• Block type is “fortune”. You must update your block_type enumeration 
implementation accordingly.

• Define a struct with name “fortune_card”. 

• Fortune cards are defined below.

Card No Fortune Card Name Explanation
1 Free House Build a house on one of your properties for 
free.
2 Time Travel Roll a dice. If result is [1-3], move forward 
by 2 blocks. Else, move backward by 2 blocks.
3 Garnishment Pay 5.000 to the bank.
4 Generosity Give 10.000 to the opponent.
5 Treasure Hunter Take 20.000 from the bank.
